Wow a book written about you guys it
sounds exciting
I hope he wasn't writing it when I went
nutso last year trust me there was
enough insanity around before you even
got here
so you and Serena we're talking about a
girl named ivy I think I met someone at
the Jenny Packham show with that name
can I help actually
yeah which is hoping to find her and
give her phone back I think she was with
one of Lily's society friends maybe we
could look through her phone contacts
jog my memory I left at the office but
yeah I could do that do you happen to
remember what she looks like mmm blonde
boobs
Botox uh-huh that pretty much describes
everyone at the event if I saw her I'd
probably recognize her still nothing the
woman I meant not even in the background
anywhere maybe she's a ghost
well in an Upper East Side of Han we
just called them first wives Nate can I
see you for a minute yeah sure I'm sorry
I wasn't any more help if I remember
anything more about her all that you
know it was really nice to meet you I've
heard so much
Yeah right I think I have something that
might cheer you up
I want to introduce you to a new
colleague by hey what are you doing here
I needed a new job thank you for
introducing me to Diana why do I get the
feeling that there's more to this story
Oh a lady never tells it's was better to
stay mysterious why don't you show her
around sure yeah
welcome aboard thank you
some stories open the door